Sauce pop, iced salt, uh, and spicy
But only you can't spit out gold, you have to eat him
He looks so scary.
But so hard
Can you eat it? Of course you can
I'll be a little boy in a while
Give my wife a taste
Okay? Okay?
As long as it is made by Xianggong, I will eat it even if it is poisonous
Lady, you are so kind to me.
Life is just hanging up
Earn 100 taels casually
It also led me to discover that the ancient people did not eat crayfish
Isn't this just God sending money?
Take a look. Take a look.
Freshly baked spicy crayfish
Don't miss it when you pass by. Take a look.
Hey come on come on
Boss, I have seen this shrimp.
But your shrimp is a bit scary
It hurts when you look at it.
Swallowing it won't break your intestines, right?
Here's a good one.
You try it first
Forget it. Forget it.
I don't want to wear intestinal poison
Everyone, let's go
Beware of eating dead people
Hey, it's scattered, it's scattered, it's scattered.
If you don't buy it, don't buy it.
Why are you ruining my business?
I see you as a charlatan
Taking this scourge out to cheat money
What's all this noise?
Such a big county can't accommodate you
Sir, you are just in time
He sells poison
What kind of crayfish?
I've seen this before.
The youngest son of Wang Yuanwai's family
When playing in the water
It's the big pliers of this thing
It's a big hole
This thing is flooding right now.
Is a scourge
Please confiscate his stall quickly
Get him out of Ping County
Ask why
I can cook spicy crayfish
And it also solved our Ping County problem.
The Crayfish Infestation Problem
Am I innocent?
Bold people
Nonsense
Come with me, Killers
Yes, let him go.
There are also deceptive poison stalls
We smashed him
Smashed, smashed, smashed, not smashed, smashed, smashed
Hurry up and stop
Chef Ge is here
He has a long reputation in the cooking room
He must know the crayfish
How harmful is it?
Chef Ge, you came just in time
I've now caught this charlatan again
You just happen to be a witness for me.
This pot he cooked
Is it poisonous?
What this liar does must be poisonous
I see your whole body is poisonous
This is the top of the food competition
Chef Lin, what is he?